# Manage_Your_Friends
This is a simple program that I made for my Computer Science 232 class. The purpose of this program is simply to catalogue and keep up with all of your friends. This program consists of two files and is an exercise in object oriented programming where information from one file is sent to the other where it is utilized by the program and returned later to the main file to be displayed to the user.I will cover the main file first and then the other file. Both files are necessary to run the program and both files are included in the repository.
The main file is entitled  "Managefriends.java" and begins by creating new "Friends" objects that are comprise of two strings. The two strings are the first and last names of the friend. The next thing that occurs in the main file is that printLastName() gets called from the second file using the objects that were previously created and mentioned. Then the number of friends is printed by calling that function from the other file. Finally the last bit of information is printed when printInformation() is called from the other file.
The second file is entitled "Friends.java" and begins by accepting the Friends objects created by Managefriends and sets up some variables that the file will use. Next it adds one to the friends counter to track how many friends you have. Then a message is displayed notifying the user that the friend has been added to the registry. The printLastName function then works as advertised. Finally print Information informs the user that "This is a template that stores info about friends". 
The program does not currently take user input  and focuses on displaying data rather than accepting data. That being said it is quite easy to edit the files as needed.
